[New] Set initial viewpoint (#488)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-swift-samples: Shared/Samples/Set initial viewpoint/README.md

# Set initial viewpoint

Display the map at an initial viewpoint representing a bounding geometry.

![Image of Set initial viewpoint](set-initial-viewpoint.png)

## Use case

Setting the initial viewpoint is useful when a user wishes to first load the map at a particular area of interest.

## How to use the sample

When the sample loads, note the map is opened at the initial view point that is set to it.

## How it works

> 1. Instantiate an `Map` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Instantiate a `Map` object.
```

2. Instantiate a `Viewpoint` object using an `Envelope` object.

> 3. Set the starting location of the map with `setInitialViewpoint(Viewpoint)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Set the starting location of the map with `map.initialViewpoint = Viewpoint(boundingGeometry:)`.
```
